Add Subgraph quick start guide (#68)
autonomys/developer_docs: pages/evm/the_graph.mdx

9. Run `graph auth` to authenticate the project and provide your deploy key which you can find on the **Subgraph Dashboard**.

10. Enter the directory with `cd project_name` and run `graph codegen && graph build` to build the project, you will see the `build/subgraph.yaml` file being created.  

    ![the-graph-11](/developers/the-graph-11.png)

11. Deploy your subgraph by running `graph deploy subgraph-autonomys`. You will be asked to specify the version of the subgraph, e.g. v0.0.1. 

    ![the-graph-12](/developers/the-graph-12.png)

12. Proceed back to the **Graph Studio**, the status will change to **Deployed**. 

    ![the-graph-13](/developers/the-graph-13.png)

13. The new tabs **Playground**, **Endpoints**, **Logs** will now be accessible to you! You can find usage examples of querying the data, accessing the data via API, and can test queries in the **Playground** without leaving the studio!

    ![the-graph-14](/developers/the-graph-14.png)

Congratulations, you've successfully setup and configured a subgraph for your application! 

### Querying data in your smart contract

Subgraphs are primarily designed to index and query events emitted by smart contracts. 

> 1. Let's make some slight changes to the `Counter` contract we've introduced in the [Foundry guide](/evm/foundry.mdx) and modify functions to emit events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Let's make some slight changes to the `Counter` contract we introduced in the [Foundry guide](/evm/foundry.mdx) and modify functions to emit events. 
```

            id
            newNumber
            blockTimestamp
            blockNumber
            transactionHash
        }
    }
    ```

    #### Query to Get All Increment Events

    ```bash
    {
        numberIncrementeds(first: 10, orderBy: blockTimestamp, orderDirection: desc) {
            id
            newNumber
            blockTimestamp
            blockNumber
            transactionHash
        }
    }
    ```

    #### Get All Events (Set, Increment, Decrement) in Chronological Order 

    ```bash
    {
        numberSets(orderBy: blockTimestamp) {
            id
            newNumber
            blockTimestamp
            blockNumber
            transactionHash
            __typename
        }
        numberIncrementeds(orderBy: blockTimestamp) {
            id
            newNumber
            blockTimestamp
            blockNumber
            transactionHash
            __typename
        }
        numberDecrementeds(orderBy: blockTimestamp) {
            id
            newNumber
            blockTimestamp
            blockNumber
            transactionHash
            __typename
        }
    }
    ```

> > Tip: you can also run queries directly from the terminal using `cURL` or `gql`. You can find the **Example Usage** under the **Endpoints** tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tip: you can also run queries directly from the terminal using `cURL` or `gql`. You can find **Example Usage** under the **Endpoints** tab. 
```

### Prerequisites

- A crypto wallet
- A smart contract address on a supported network
- Node.js⁠ installed
- A package manager of your choice (npm, yarn or pnpm)

### Quick Start guide

1. Proceed to the [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio) and login via one of the supported wallets.

    ![the-graph-1](/developers/the-graph-1.png)

2. Confirm the sign and sign a message to use Studio.

    ![the-graph-2](/developers/the-graph-2.png)

    ![the-graph-3](/developers/the-graph-3.png)

3. Click on **Create a Subgraph** on the main dashboard.

    ![the-graph-4](/developers/the-graph-4.png)

4. Specify the **Subgraph Name**.

    ![the-graph-5](/developers/the-graph-5.png)

5. Upon creating a Subgraph, you will see its dashboard, where you can a project description, source code URL, and a website URL.

    ![the-graph-6](/developers/the-graph-6.png)

6. On the right side, click on **Select a network** and pick **Autonomys** from the dropdown list. 

    ![the-graph-7](/developers/the-graph-7.png)

7. Install **Graph CLI** using provided commands. You can use `yarn`, `npm`, `pnpm`, or `bun`. 

> 8. Initialize the subgraph by running `graph init autonomys-subgraph`. This will create a boilerplate subgraph code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Initialize the subgraph by running `graph init autonomys-subgraph`. This will create a boilerplate subgraph project. 
```

During the initialization, you will need to specify a few things:
- Network (Autonomys)
- Subgraph slug (feel free to use the default name)
- Directory to create the subgraph in (feel free to use the default directory)
- Smart contact address (the address of your smart contract deployed on Autonomys Taurus EVM domain)

> - ABI file(path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ABI file (path)
```

- Start block (feel free to use the default value)
- Contract name

> - Index contacts events as entities (true or false value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Index contract events as entities (true or false value)
```

     ![the-graph-8](/developers/the-graph-8.png)

> Tip: you can find the contract ABI by looking at the `token_metadata` file. 

> E.g. if you're using Remix IDE, find your contract metadata file, collaps it on the `abi` line 7, copy the entire `abi` including the square brakets **[]** and save it into a `json` file on your PR. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. if you're using Remix IDE, find your contract metadata file, collapse it on the `abi` line 7, copy the entire `abi` including the square brakets **[]** and save it into a `json` file on your PR. 
```

    ![the-graph-9](/developers/the-graph-9.png)

    ![the-graph-10](/developers/the-graph-10.png)

9. Run `graph auth` to authenticate the project and provide your deploy key which you can find on the **Subgraph Dashboard**.

> 10. Cd into the directory by doing `cd project_name` and run `graph codegen && graph build` to build the project, you will see the `build/subgraph.yaml` file being created.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Enter the directory with `cd project_name` and run `graph codegen && graph build` to build the project, you will see the `build/subgraph.yaml` file being created.  
```

    ![the-graph-11](/developers/the-graph-11.png)

11. Deploy your subgraph by running `graph deploy subgraph-autonomys`. You will be asked to specify the version of the subgraph, e.g. v0.0.1. 

    ![the-graph-12](/developers/the-graph-12.png)

> 12. Proceed back to the **Graph Studio**, the status would change to **Deployed**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Proceed back to the **Graph Studio**, the status will change to **Deployed**. 
```

    ![the-graph-13](/developers/the-graph-13.png)

> 13. The new tabs **Playground**, **Endpoints**, **Logs** would now be accessible to you! You would find usage examples of quering the data, accessing the data via API, and can test queries in the **Playground** without leaving the studio!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. The new tabs **Playground**, **Endpoints**, **Logs** will now be accessible to you! You can find usage examples of querying the data, accessing the data via API, and can test queries in the **Playground** without leaving the studio!
```

    ![the-graph-14](/developers/the-graph-14.png)

> Congratulations, you've successfully setup and configured subgraph for your application! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, you've successfully setup and configured a subgraph for your application! 
```
